Add default settings to IQN-ILS and IQN-IMVJ acceleration methods (#1754)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1754.md

> - Add default settings about initial-relaxation, max-used-iterations, time-windows-reused, filter and preconsitioner to IQN-ILS and IQN-IMVJ acceleration methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added default values for the IQN-ILS and IQN-IMVJ configuration options `initial-relaxation`, `max-used-iterations`, `time-windows-reused`, `filter`, and `preconditioner`.
```
